Validation: fixes for duplicate description (#17352)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/beta/api/workbook-list-names.md

---
title: "List names"

> description: "Describes List names, which retrieves a list of nameditem objects."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Review the API reference about the List names method and how it retrieves a list of nameditem objects. 
```

For meta descriptions for API documents, it's best to describe what type of object you're describing. This seems like a method. You might also want to highlight key sections of the guide such as the permissions or the HTTP GET requests.
